hey guys Davison here I just finished
watching a video called completely
honest OBGYN and it is a comedic sketch
put out by the Second City network and
it is a sketch about an obstetrician /
gynecologist who was counseling a couple
about their upcoming birth and he tries
to convince them to have a c-section by
listing all the ways in which a natural
birth is a horrific experience for a
woman and the sketch itself is pretty
funny but what kind of scared me is the
majority of people in the comments
section beneath the video and on reddit
where the video was posted that are
completely ignorant to how a natural
birth should take place and the
advantages of having a natural birth
over c-section and what kind of scares
me is well about the video is that
there's some things that are exaggerated
or described in accurately for comedic
effect such as I'm going to go through
them now so that maybe I can teach you
some things about childbirth because I
had a child okay and if I wasn't doing
what I'm doing right now I would
probably be a doctor so that said
episiotomy what an episiotomy is is when
a doctor needs to slice or or make an
incision in a woman's vaginal canal or
birthing canal in order to make more
room for the baby to be birthed and in
the video they joke that the doctor will
have to slice her taint and it will end
up joining her anus and her vagina that
would never ever ever ever happen
doctors take great care in fact to not
damage the anal sphincter muscles
because the woman would end up in
continent my mother who recently got
over colon cancer was facing the
possibility of having to have a
colostomy because of where her lesion
was located which was close to the anus
and because it was so closely anus the
doctor was afraid that if he removed it
and sliced too deeply that she would end
up become incontinent for the rest of
her life there
or the colostomy was superior so the
same thing applies to a woman giving
birth a doctor would never damage that
area because it's very hard to repair
the muscles so it is just simply an
incision and it could be either towards
the front or generally it is though
towards the back um also women do not
always poop as they say in the video
when they give birth some of us do when
we pushed that's I hate to say but that
happened wow so gross but it wasn't that
bad and it didn't end up on the baby and
it was during pushing long before the
baby was born also and this is very
important c-sections are only supposed
to be done when the fetus says life is
at risk or the mother's life is at risk
not to speed at delivery or preserve the
vagina as many people are saying like oh
my god I'm getting a c-section my vagina
is going to thank me or a woman actually
did say my vagina thanks me um I'm sorry
human beings evolved to have bodies that
repair themselves after natural
childbirth I can guarantee you my
vajayjay is just as firm as it was
before I had a baby and I didn't I
wasn't sliced and it naturally tightens
up over time especially if you do kegel
exercises which are clenching the walls
of your vagina holding them and letting
go so vaginas are not necessarily
damaged by childbirth they can be
especially the baby comes out in the
wrong position or you naturally have a
smaller birthing canal there's a whole
bunch of things that can happen but
generally speaking vaginas don't end up
that damaged after having a baby and see
sections they come with the risk of
infection they come with the risk of
increased postpartum pain it's not
something that should be taken lightly
as a decision during childbirth it
should only be done as a
last resort and I don't think the
majority of OB gyns are evil at least in
Canada and I don't think they all try to
speed up the birthing process though
admittedly i was given pitocin which is
a hormone to speed up your contractions
and it actually increased my pain and I
think that I would have been able to
have a natural childbirth without an
epidural had I not been given pitocin
but ultimately you know my son was born
and he was fine and yeah I only had to
push for I think like 30 minutes so yeah
I just wanted to clear that up because
like they make the joke that the that
the woman's just going to have a vagina
/ anus poop covered baby her vagina will
never be the same again all of those
things are not true so if you guys want
to check out the video it's right here I
should probably tell you guys the story
of the birth of my baby max is now 13
sometimes and I wish they'd told people
more when they were younger or about
about the birthing process and that they
brought young teenagers into delivery
rooms and brought them through the
process because so many people are
shielded from birth and then then people
really sketches like this and everyone's
ignorant to what the reality is which is
sad to me so I'm davison I make cool
things I talk about cool things and I
going to do some kegels yeah it's like
I'm giving birth you never forget right
now I could give birth to an orange
should I try